tv-casting-app fix double call to OnCompleted() on connection success (#37056)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/tv-casting-app/APIs.md

The Casting Client is expected to consume the Matter TV Casting library built
for its respective platform which implements the APIs described in this
document. Refer to the tv-casting-app READMEs for [Linux](linux/README.md),
[Android](android/README.md) and [iOS](darwin/TvCasting/README.md) to understand
how to build and consume each platform's specific libraries. The libraries MUST
be built with the client's specific values for
`CHIP_DEVICE_CONFIG_DEVICE_VENDOR_ID` and `CHIP_DEVICE_CONFIG_DEVICE_PRODUCT_ID`
updated in the
[CHIPProjectAppConfig.h](tv-casting-common/include/CHIPProjectAppConfig.h) file.
Other values like the `CHIP_DEVICE_CONFIG_DEVICE_NAME` may be updated as well to
correspond to the client being built.

`CHIP_DEVICE_CONFIG_DEVICE_VENDOR_ID` and `CHIP_DEVICE_CONFIG_DEVICE_PRODUCT_ID`
can be obtained during the CSA certification of your mobile app. The Matter SDK

> has pre-configured default values for them in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has pre-configured sample/test values for them in the
```
